£3k to invest? I’d buy these 2 top dividend stocks for a 9% income
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/3k-to-invest-id-buy-these-2-top-dividend-stocks-for-a-9-income/
With interest rates on cash savings hitting new lows, I’ve been buying shares in some of the UK’s top dividend stocks to build a passive income.Today I want to look at two stocks that offer an average forecast yield of 9.1% for this year. They’re quite different businesses, but they both benefit from defensive qualities that I think will continue to support generous dividends.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...My first pick is FTSE 100 tobacco group Imperial Brands  (LSE: IMB). Tobacco has long been a popular choice with income investors. However in recent years, ethical concerns, rising debt levels and fears for the future of the tobacco business have damaged Imperial’s reputation as a top dividend stock.Indeed, the departure of CEO Alison Cooper earlier this year provided an opportunity for the board to cut the payout by one third to a more sustainable level.You might wonder why I’m suggesting Imperial shares. The answer is that this business continues to generate mountains of cash, and looks far too cheap to me. Even after this year’s dividend cut, Imperial’s share price collapse means that the stock offers a yield of 10.7%.Such a high yield might normally suggest that problems lie ahead. However, I’ve been following this FTSE 100 stock for years, and I just don’t see that kind of issue here.Imperial Brands is expected to pay a dividend of about 140p per share this year. My sums suggest that this payout should be covered roughly twice by free cash flow. I estimate this could leave around £1bn of free cash that can be put towards reducing the group’s £14bn net debt.The £1bn sale of Imperial’s premium cigars business should provide a further boost to the firm’s debt reduction efforts.IMB stock currently trades on around five times forecast earnings — hence the high yield. Despite concerns about the future of the tobacco business, I think that’s too cheap.