£5k to invest? I’d buy these FTSE 250 stocks to get rich
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/12/5k-to-invest-id-buy-these-ftse-250-stocks-to-get-rich/
Today, I’m going to take a look at two FTSE 250 stocks I think have tremendous income and growth potential for long-term investors. Online stockbroker AJ Bell (LSE: AJB) is one of the UK’s fastest-growing financial firms. The company has revolutionised the online trading business, offering low-cost dealing for all investors. 5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...This has helped the business gain an edge over competitors, and customers have flocked to the group. Revenues have risen 120% over the past six years. Meanwhile, profits have surged from £13m in 2014 to £36m today. AJ Bell has benefitted from a surge in interest in its products during 2020. Its latest trading update reported a 26% increase in customer numbers for the 12 months to the end of June. For the three months to the end of June, net customer inflows were £1.2bn. Thanks to this jump in customers, and customer activity in volatile markets, the FTSE 250 business told investors in July it expects profit growth to beat expectations for the year. This bodes well for future growth, in my opinion.Changing stockbrokers can be a time-consuming and costly process. So, most investors don’t bother. As such, the influx of new customers may help AJ Bell for years to come. What’s more, the company’s growth may only just be getting started. The firm has total assets under administration of £54.3bn. That’s half of online peer Hargreaves Landsdown. Therefore, now may be a good time to buy the stock ahead of further growth. FTSE 250 property group Assura Group (LSE: AGR) may also be a good buy right now. While some property firms are facing falling rents and declining occupancy levels, Assura should be protected from this trend. The company develops, invests and manages a portfolio of primary care medical centres across the United Kingdom. This gives it a defensive nature. 