Forget the National Lottery and Premium Bonds. I’d buy cheap UK shares to get rich
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/07/forget-the-national-lottery-and-premium-bonds-id-buy-cheap-uk-shares-to-get-rich/
Buying cheap UK shares may not seem to be a sound means of generating high returns after the 2020 market crash. However, the low prices of high-quality businesses could mean they produce impressive capital growth in the coming years.In fact, they are likely to be a better means of improving your financial situation compared to Premium Bonds or the National Lottery. As such, now could be the right time to build a portfolio of FTSE 100 and FTSE 250 shares to boost your financial outlook.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...Of course, you may be dissuaded from buying UK shares as other options look superficially more attractive. The potential for Premium Bonds and the National Lottery to provide an instant win that dramatically changes your financial prospects is certainly appealing. However, the chances of them doing so are, unfortunately, extremely low. For example, the odds of winning the National Lottery are around one in 45m.Similarly, for Premium Bond holders, the chances of winning any prize are around one in 25,000. The typical return from Premium Bonds is 1.4%. This is due in part to the low level of interest rates currently on offer in the UK. As such, the vast majority of holders are unlikely to generate a significant above-inflation return on their capital.By contrast, the returns from investing in UK shares could be significantly more attractive. The FTSE 100 has seen numerous recessions, downturns and bear markets. But it has produced an annualised total return of around 8% since its inception in 1984. OK, 8% per year may not sound like much. But when it is allowed to compound over the long run it can become a surprisingly large amount.For example, £10,000 invested in stocks at an annual return of 8% would be worth £217,000 after 40 years. Meanwhile, investing £250 per month over the same time period at the same return would lead to a portfolio valued at around £777,000.