Hargreaves Lansdown customers are buying BT shares. Here’s what I’d do
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/hargreaves-lansdown-customers-are-buying-bt-shares-heres-what-id-do/
BT Group  (LSE: BT-A) has been a tough investment to love in recent years. BT’s share price has slid from a high of nearly 500p in 2015 to just 110p, at the time of writing.Things haven’t been this bad for the firm since 2009. But with a new management team and an improved strategy, I think the shares could be cheap. Investors at Hargreaves Lansdown seem to think so too. BT was one of the most heavily-bought stocks on the DIY investment platform last week.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...I’ve been taking a fresh look at this telecoms giant. Is it time to get on board?BT’s problem isn’t that it doesn’t make any money. It does. Last year, the group reported an operating profit margin of almost 14%, with free cash flow of just over £2bn.What worries investors are two different problems. The first is that BT has been shrinking for several years. The group’s sales have fallen each year since 2017. It’s very hard for a company to grow if its revenue is falling.The second problem faced by BT is that it spends a lot. Maintaining and upgrading the UK’s largest mobile and fixed line networks to provide 5G and fast broadband isn’t cheap. Capital expenditure is expected to be over £4bn this year.Falling sales and high levels of spending have lifted the group’s net debt to more than £18bn. I think this should be manageable, but I wouldn’t want to see this number climb much higher.However, if CEO Philip Jansen can return the business to growth, I think the shares could perform well from current levels.BT’s growth prospects may be uncertain, but its shares do look cheap to me. I’ve chosen three popular measure of valuation to show why I think the stock’s valuation may now have hit the bottom.First up, BT shares currently trade on just five times next year’s forecast earnings. That certainly seems cheap.