How I’d make a passive income with £25 a week
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/how-id-make-a-passive-income-with-25-a-week/
Passive income can be described as earnings from an investment in which a person isn’t actively involved. So drawing a passive income in retirement would be great.One way of achieving it is to invest in shares and share-backed vehicles such as funds. In my opinion, that’s perhaps the best way, rather than investing in property or other assets, for example.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...But to gain a significant passive income, we must first build up our invested money. And putting away £25 each week would be a good place to begin. I’d choose a Stocks and Shares ISA wrapper to shelter my investments from tax and begin paying the money in.Perhaps the most convenient way is to pay it in monthly amounts as soon as your wages hit your bank current account. So I’d begin with a monthly transfer of around £110 into my ISA account.One of the great things about aiming for around £110 per month is that many share funds will allow you to immediately start investing. Often the minimum regular investing limit is around £25 with low costs, so your £110 would be well over that bottom limit. And within your ISA wrapper, you can often arrange automatic monthly investments into managed funds and tracker funds, for example.And in the beginning, I reckon it’s a good idea to invest in funds because your money will be spread over many underlying shares giving you plenty of diversification. However, you need your investments to be working hard for you while you’re in the building stage. So it’s a good idea to choose the accumulation version of the funds you invest in. That’s because they automatically roll your dividend income back into your investment, helping you to compound your gains. And that will help you build your investment pot of money.As your investments grow in value and if you can invest more each month as well, you may become interested in investing in the shares of individual companies. Many investors end up doing that in the pursuit of higher returns. However, to me it only makes sense if you can invest at least £1,000 in each share in one go, otherwise the transaction costs could be too high.