How I’m making a passive income with £100 a week
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/12/how-im-making-a-passive-income-with-100-a-week/
It is possible to make a passive income stream from shares. The trick is to be patient and start buying shares as soon as possible.When you’ve started your portfolio, to make the most of compound interest, it’s essential to reinvest all your dividends for long-term growth. 5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...By following this approach, I think you could turn a small sum, such as £100 a week, into a sizeable financial nest egg. The first stage in building a passive income stream is to accumulate a savings pot to invest.The amount you need to save will depend on how much income you want to generate. Some investors might be happy with a small passive income stream to cover housing costs. Other investors might want a more considerable monthly passive income. For this article, I’m going to propose a passive income stream of £500 a month. To hit this level of income, my figures suggest an investor would need to put away somewhere in the region of £150k to £200k. I think it could be easy to hit this target with just £100 a week.You see, since its inception around 35 years ago, the FTSE 100 has produced an average annual return of 8% for investors. At this rate of return, I calculate it would take 18 years of saving to build a £200k nest-egg. There are several approaches investors can use to achieve this sort of return. The easiest way is to buy a low-cost FTSE 100 tracker fund. This would provide investors with a diversified basket of UK stocks at the click of a button. It would also provide a passive income stream of 3.6% per year — the index’s current dividend yield.