I think these 3 Warren Buffett tips could help you retire rich
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/12/i-think-these-3-warren-buffett-tips-could-help-you-retire-rich/
Warren Buffett follows a few simple rules whenever he invests. This framework can help any investor grow their wealth and build a sizeable financial nest egg. Today I’m going to outline three tips from the Oracle of Omaha that can help any investor meet their financial goals. 5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...The first piece of advice is to avoid losing money. This might seem relatively straightforward at first, but it can be challenging to implement. Whenever he invests, Buffett looks at the strength of the business. Specifically, he wants to know if there’s a chance the company will run out of money. If there is even a small chance of this happening, he avoids the business altogether. This simple approach has helped Buffett avoid significant losses over the years. I think it’s one of the most straightforward Buffett tips to implement. If a company seems like a high-risk bet, it could be a good idea to avoid it altogether as it’s always going to be an uphill struggle to make back the money you’ve lost. Throughout his career, Buffett has only ever invested in companies he knows and understands. This has helped him avoid any disastrous investments. As investors, I think the first question we should ask whenever we look at the company is “how does this business make money?“Asking this simple question may help us avoid scams and highly speculative businesses. If it is easy to understand how a company makes money, and if you know and like the product, you could be on to a winner. If you like the product, it’s also easier to support the business you own part of — that’s always a benefit.Warren Buffett will only buy high-quality businesses. This means he sticks to companies with large profit margins and durable competitive advantages (like Reckitt Benckiser).