Money to invest today? I’d follow these 3 Warren Buffett tips to retire early
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/money-to-invest-today-id-follow-these-3-warren-buffett-tips-to-retire-early/
Warren Buffett’s track record of generating high returns means following his advice could be a sound means of improving your retirement prospects.Yes, there’s a risk a second stock market crash will happen in the coming months. However, through buying high-quality stocks at low prices, and focusing on the long run, you could generate impressive returns. And this could bring forward your retirement date.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...Warren Buffett’s capital has always been focused on the stock market. Although he has held significant amounts of cash, this is to provide security and the liquidity required to buy more stocks, rather than to generate a high return.Following his lead and using the stock market to build a retirement nest egg could be a sound move compared to purchasing other assets.Other mainstream assets, such as bonds and property, may hold some appeal at the present time due to ongoing economic risks. But the past performance of the stock market shows that a recovery is very likely.Therefore, it could produce significantly higher returns than other asset classes. And it could make a greater positive impact on your retirement plans.Warren Buffett has always sought to purchase high-quality businesses when they trade at low prices. For example, he has bought companies that have wide economic moats. This essentially means that they have a competitive advantage over the peers that enables them to generate higher levels of profitability.When purchased at an attractive price, such companies allow investors to obtain a relatively favourable risk/reward opportunity.At the present time, many stocks are trading at low prices. In some cases, their low valuations are deserved due to their difficult outlooks.But in many cases, weak investor sentiment towards specific industries and sectors may provide buying opportunities for long-term investors. Undervalued stocks may be able to deliver improving financial performances as the economic outlook strengthens. This could lead to impressive capital returns.The prospect of a second stock market crash is unlikely to worry long-term investors such as Warren Buffett. He has always been comfortable with the idea of short-term volatility in the stock market. That is because he has a long-term view of his holdings. This has enabled him to buy when the stock market’s outlook is very uncertain and stock prices are relatively low.