Rishi Sunak’s tax grab is coming! Here’s how I’d beat it with UK shares in an ISA
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/12/rishi-sunaks-tax-grab-is-coming-heres-how-id-beat-it-with-uk-shares-in-an-isa/
Tax is one of the certainties in life we can rely on, unfortunately. And at times like this, when government spending is going through the roof, we can also rely on the certainty that tax rises are on the way. Indeed, the government has been pumping billions into fighting the economic and healthcare effects of the coronavirus pandemic. There’s speculation about where tax hikes will be applied, but not many voices are arguing that tax levels will remain where they are in Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s November budget.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...However, right now we have an amazing facility available to us that will shelter our investments from tax. It’s the Stocks and Shares ISA. And we can currently shelter as much as £20,000 each year inside an ISA wrapper. My guess is Sunak will leave ISAs alone because of their high-profile nature – he wouldn’t want to attract the bad press!And putting regular money into a Stocks and Shares ISA is a great way to build the wealth you need to eventually draw a passive income. So even if pensions become less attractive because of tax changes, you can use your ISA savings to supplement your income in retirement.Of course, it’s fine to have even greater ambition for your ISA. Lord John Lee was the first of many British investors to make at least a million by investing within an ISA wrapper. If you invest regularly through your working life and compound your gains, a million is probably well within your grasp.And £1m would be capable of generating a decent passive income for you in retirement. For example, the current dividend yield of the FTSE 100 index is above 3% according to estimates. So you could invest the money in a FTSE 100 tracker fund in retirement to generate an annual income of around £30,000. And that would be a handy addition to the government State Pension provision.Happily, shares and share-backed investments, such as funds, are a great way to build up wealth in your ISA in the meantime. Over the long haul, shares in aggregate have outperformed all other major asset classes. And there’s every reason to expect them to continue to do so.