Stock market crash: what I’m doing about the falling Barclays share price
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/stock-market-crash-what-im-doing-about-the-falling-barclays-share-price/
The Barclays (LSE: BARC) share price crumbled in the recent stock market crash.Shares in the lender plunged by around 50% between the end of February and the end of March. After these declines, the stock is trading at one of its lowest levels in recent history.5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...However, while the stock looks cheap on the surface, its underlying business is facing some significant headwinds, which could hold back its recovery.With that in mind, today, I’m going to take a look at the business to try and conclude whether or not the Barclays share price is worth buying. Investor sentiment towards the lender has soured in recent months due to the coronavirus crisis.It’s easy to understand why. The UK economy is facing one of its most severe economic downturns on record. As one of the largest banks in the country, Barclays will be impacted by the crisis. It has already taken a multi-billion pound loan impairment charge, which could be a sign of things to come. These losses will weigh on group profits. They could also weaken the balance sheet.As such, I think it’s reasonable to say that Barclays is worth less today than it was at the beginning of the year. On that basis, some of the recent declines seem warranted. Having said that, after the recent slump, the Barclays share price is currently changing hands at one of its lowest valuations in recent memory.The stock is selling at a price-to-book (P/B) value of just 0.3. That’s compared to the broader banking sector average of 0.6. To put it another way, even though economic headwinds may hold back the bank’s growth in the near term, the stock appears to be undervalued by around 50%. Considering all of the above, I think the Barclays share price could be an excellent addition to a diversified portfolio.