These money mantras helped make Warren Buffett a billionaire. I think they could make you rich too
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/07/these-money-mantras-helped-make-warren-buffett-a-billionaire-i-think-they-could-make-you-rich-too/
With a fortune estimated around $80bn, Warren Buffett is one of the richest people on the planet. While much of his success may down to his stock-picking abilities, a good portion is also due to his attitude towards money in general. As such, I think anyone concerned with growing their wealth can learn something from the Sage of Omaha.Here are just three majestic money-management mantras Buffet lives by. 5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...Having multiple sources of income can be a great cushion against life’s little (and not so little) tests. A second stream, perhaps by tutoring others in a skill you have or selling stuff on eBay, probably won’t match your primary wage but it should help keep the wolf from the door if the latter is suddenly taken away.Buffett’s advice is especially pertinent in 2020. The coronavirus has already caused huge job losses around the world. With the government’s furlough scheme coming to an end in October, unemployment in the UK will surely continue to rise. Those with a second income already set up may find it easier to cope. As a committed Fool, you won’t be surprised to learn that I think dividends are the greatest second income stream of them all. Owning a stock means you’re entitled to a share of a company’s profits. Assuming it pays these out to holders. Re-investing these cash returns back into the market and taking advantage of compounding can vastly improve your prospects of retiring rich. This billionaire still lives in the same modest house he bought back in 1958. Why? Because Buffett only buys things he thinks will improve his quality of life. A sprawling mansion isn’t one of them.Unfortunately, the unstoppable rise of online shopping and ‘one-click’ purchasing means it’s harder than ever for some people to avoid splurging on stuff they don’t need. Many will take on debt doing so, creating problems down the line.