Warning: buy-to-let could destroy your wealth! I’d buy UK shares instead
https://www.fool.co.uk/investing/2020/09/13/warning-buy-to-let-could-destroy-your-wealth-id-buy-uk-shares-instead/
Owning buy-to-let property used to be a surefire way to build wealth in the long run. However, recent rule changes have made it harder to earn a decent return in this industry. As such, I think owning a diversified portfolio of UK shares could be a better option for investors. Today I’m going to explain why. 5G is here – and shares of this ‘sleeping giant’ could be a great way for you to potentially profit!According to one leading industry firm, the 5G boom could create a global industry worth US$12.3 TRILLION out of thin air…And if you click here we’ll show you something that could be key to unlocking 5G’s full potential...Over the past five years, the government has overhauled the way buy-to-let property is taxed and regulated.Investors now face higher tax charges and more regulation. The tenancy fee ban and deposit limit have also increased costs for property owners in some cases. All these changes have reduced the returns on offer for buy-to-let investors, while also increasing the risks. As profit margins have come under pressure, the prospects of landlords suffering substantial financial losses have increased. This may have made rental property unpalatable for risk-averse investors. That’s why I would consider owning UK shares instead. Unlike rental property, stocks are easy to buy and sell, and experienced management teams run most listed companies. That means you don’t have to do any hard work yourself.At the same time, many UK stocks currently offer better returns than buy-to-let property. For example, the average yield on a rental property in the UK after costs is around 2% to 3%. The average yield of FTSE 100 stocks, in comparison, is 3.6% today. As well as higher returns, UK shares have other advantages compared to rental property.It is easy to build a diversified portfolio with UK shares. In a few minutes, an investor could build a portfolio of UK shares such as GlaxoSmithKline, Unilever, and the London Stock Exchange.This would give a portfolio of companies in three different sectors with broad global diversification and millions of customers. To build the same kind of diversification in a buy-to-let portfolio is virtually impossible. 